well howdy there internet people it's
beau again today we are going to talk
about
uh me too him too all the sexual
harassment sexual assault stuff
that has come back up in in conversation
because of the kavanaugh nomination
um i'm gonna do this a little
differently i'm gonna give you some
advice on how to even avoid getting in
these situations and right now there's a
whole bunch of ladies going
bo we've heard it no you haven't no you
haven't you haven't heard this advice
um and then there's probably some other
people going this is victim blinding
maybe maybe a little uh maybe in two
percent of cases
um but at the same time if you leave
your bicycle in front of the meth head's
house
and don't put a lock on it you can't
really be surprised
when it's not there in the morning so
the advice is simple
first and foremost safeguard your
reputation if you get a certain kind of
reputation you're going to attract a
certain kind of person
number two in the dates at the front
door you know first couple times i know
that sounds old-fashioned
but if you're looking for qua quality
over quantity
you're not gonna miss out on anything
you'll be all right
number three if you're drinking don't
take anybody home
don't go home with anybody don't take
anybody home that's been drinking
if you're at a party and everybody's
drinking stay with the party don't go
off into some room
the last two are the most important
watch what you say
if you say something sexual even
jokingly
it might be taken as something sexual
and the last one is definitely the most
important
be very careful with the signals you
send easiest way to do that is keep your
hands to yourself
i mean that's kindergarten stuff put
your touching hands in your pockets
right now there's a whole bunch of
ladies mad at me in fact i'm certain
there's probably some
that stopped and already commented
talking about what
horrible person i am i'm not talking to
ladies
this is for men because there's this him
too hashtag
a whole bunch of men terrified that
they're going to get accused of
sexual harassment or sexual assault if
you're that worried about it
it's because you've done something
um those those type of accusations
they turn out to be false about two
percent of the time
as near as i can tell two percent
they're pretty much always true
so
here's here's the thing guys gentlemen
and i'm using that term loosely with the
audience that i'm talking to
uh if you're that worried about it
there's probably a reason
and any time it's a woman that has been
assaulted
men are always like well what did she do
to bring it on what was how is she
dressed
what's her reputation was she drinking
that goes both ways fellas that goes
both ways
let's uh you know you always stress
accountability self-accountability gotta
be accountable for her actions you need
to be accountable for yours
don't don't put yourself in a situation
where you can be falsely accused
two percent of the time
now as far as what a woman wears and
what that in
and how that impacts rape um
i saw something on facebook i'm telling
you now it's deep
and it's dark it is dark this is my
version of a trigger warning
okay the miniskirt
said am i really to blame
and the hijab said no it happened to me
too
and the diaper didn't say anything
gentlemen there's one cause of rape
and that's rapists y'all have a good day